{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2512
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 ArialMT;
\f3\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande-Bold;\f4\fnil\fcharset0 LucidaGrande;\f5\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial-BoldMT;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red16\green60\blue192;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c6667\c33333\c80000;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{circle\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid2\'01\uc0\u9702 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{square\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid3\'01\uc0\u9642 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li2160\lin2160 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww21940\viewh10100\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs29\fsmilli14667 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 A 
\f1\b final report
\f0\b0 , as a Jupyter notebook with executed cells, containing the following sections:
\f2 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Introduction
\f0\b0 . What is the context of the work? What research question are you trying to answer? What are your main findings?\'c2
\f2 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Data description.
\f0\b0  This should be inspired by the format presented in {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://arxiv.org/abs/1803.09010"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Gebru et al, 2018}}. Answer the following questions:
\f2 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2
\f0 \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What are the observations (rows) and the attributes (columns)?\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Why was this dataset created?\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Who funded the creation of the dataset?\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What processes might have influenced what data was observed and recorded and what was not?\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 What preprocessing was done, and how did the data come to be in the form that you are using?\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 If people are involved, were they aware of the data collection and if so, what purpose did they expect the data to be used for?\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Where can your raw source data be found, if applicable? Provide a link to the raw data (hosted in a {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://support.google.com/drive/answer/2494822?co=GENIE.Platform%3DDesktop&hl=en"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Cornell Google Drive}} or {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://it.cornell.edu/box"}}{\fldrslt \cf3 \ul \ulc3 \strokec3 Cornell Box}}).\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Data analysis.
\f0\b0 \uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx1660\tx2160\pardeftab720\li2160\fi-2160\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl2\cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Use summary functions like mean and standard deviation along with visual displays like scatter plots and histograms to describe data.\uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl2\kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f4 \uc0\u9642 
\f0 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Provide at least one model showing patterns or relationships between variables that addresses your research question. This could be a regression or clustering, or something else that measures some property of the dataset.\uc0\u8232 \
\pard\tx940\tx1440\pardeftab720\li1440\fi-1440\sl400\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Evaluation of significance.
\f0\b0  Use hypothesis tests, simulation, randomization, or any other techniques we have learned to compare the patterns you observe in the dataset to simple randomness.
\f2 \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Conclusion. 
\f0\b0 What did you find over the course of your data analysis, and how confident are you in these conclusions? Interpret these results in the wider context of the real-life application from where your data hails.
\f5\b \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Source code
\f0\b0 . Provide a link to your Github repository (or other file hosting site) that has all of your project code (if applicable). For example, you might include web scraping code or data filtering and aggregation code.
\f5\b \uc0\u8232 \
\ls1\ilvl1
\f1 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 \outl0\strokewidth0 {\listtext	
\f3 \uc0\u9702 
\f1 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Acknowledgments
\f0\b0 . Recognize any people or online resources that you found helpful. These can be tutorials, software packages, Stack Overflow questions, peers, and data sources. Showing gratitude is a great way to feel happier! But it also has the nice side-effect of reassuring us that you're not passing off someone else's work as your own. Crossover with other courses is permitted and encouraged, but it must be clearly stated, and it must be obvious what parts were and were not done for 2950. Copying without attribution robs you of the chance to learn, and wastes our time investigating.\uc0\u8232 \
}